let I'll bring in nbal farak
spokesperson for the Palestine red
Cresent society and she's joining us
from rala nebal good to have you with us
your reaction first to this shocking
video this incident was caught on camera
but there could be many others of
continued Israeli atrocities directed at
unarmed and unthreatening
Palestinians good evening thanks for
having me these are brutal and
terrifying scenes because we are looking
at an extra judicial killing and hiding
the evidence Israel is getting away of
this because of the Silence of the
International Community no
accountability since the beginning of
the war on Gaza Israel killed more than
32,000 Palestinians 70% of them are
children and women how many thousand
others should be killed before the world
can take Serious steps to hold as
accountable and to have an immediate and
sustained
ceasefire there is convincing evidence I
mean in real time with this video and
others throughout this war as you say
and yet there's been no adverse reaction
from the International Community what do
you think it's going to take for
countries like the US for example to
stop overlooking these Israeli
abuses well this is the question that I
just have raised the situation ation on
the ground is worsening we are seeing
civilians healthcare workers and the
humanitarians being killed intentionally
by the Israeli occupation forces and yet
Israel is continue to kill more
civilians the war had almost six month
of ongoing killing and bombardments that
is taking place across all of Gaza STP
the international
International humanitarian law is cler
clear civilians healthc care workers
should be protected and respected right
there is of course overwhelming evidence
do you think there'll ever be um
accountability and justice for these
violations Neal for can you hear
me yes I can hear you I was asking if
yeah I I was asking if you think
there'll ever be accountability and
justice for these violations committed
by
Israel well this is what we hope for we
continue to call on the International
Community to take Serious steps to hold
Israel accountable the situation on the
ground is worsening thousands of
civilians have lost their lives everyone
every single Palestinian in Gaza have
been severely impacted Ed by this
continuous War the civilians are paying
high price of it particularly children
and women and everyone has been impacted
either you have lost your home your home
was destroyed and demolished you have
lost your loved one or you became a
displ yeah you like displacement had
like in the entire population almost 90%
of Gaza civilians are now in ordinary
display and the situation is still
contined to be worsening while we see
also famine as imminent indeed a worsing
situation as you say nbal farak thank
you very much for speaking to us nbal
farak is with the Palestine red Cresent
Society joining us there from ramala